docs: Minimal policy required for /sys/utilization (#30575)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/license/utilization/manual-reporting.mdx

Data bundles include collections of JSON snapshots that contain license
utilization information.

> <Tip title="Vault Policy Requirement">
> To run this command, you will need a Vault policy with at least the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Vault policy requirement">

To run the reporting command, you must have a Vault policy that grants
`update` permission on the `sys/utilization` endpoint:
```

Markdown correction: aside tags (e.g., `<Tip>`) require whitespace before and after so the parser doesn't get confused

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in declarative statements.

Reviewer: Tips should always be optional "this can make your life easier" information. Since the endpoint has specific policy permissions required to call it successfully, we should make the aside a note instead of a tip

Author: Aha! Yes, a useful distinction.

And thanks for the style guide notes!

```
path "sys/utilization" {
  capabilities = ["update"]
}
```

> </Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

</Note>
```
